Developing an app or a website typically comes down to knowing 3 main languages:
 JavaScript,
 CSS,
 and HTML.
 And while it sounds quite complicated, once you know what you are doing, 
understanding web technology and the way it works becomes significantly easier.

We present you with an introduction to web technologies and the latest web technologies list
 hoping it will make things at least a bit easier for you.
 Now, let’s take a look.

What is Web Technology?
You have probably heard the term “web development technologies” before,
 but did you ever think about what it actually means?
Since computers can’t communicate with each other the way people do,
 they require codes instead.
 Web technologies are the markup languages and multimedia packages computers use to communicate.

1.Browsers
Browsers request information and then they show us in the way we can understand.
 Think of them as the interpreters of the web. 
Here are the most popular ones:
a)Google Chrome –
    Currently, the most popular browser brought to you by Google
b)Safari – 
   Apple’s web browser
c)Firefox – 
   Open-source browser supported by the Mozilla Foundation
d)Internet Explorer – 
   Microsoft’s browser


2. HTML & CSS
HTML is one of the first you should learn.
 Thanks to HTML, the web browsers know what to show once they receive the request. 
 If you want to better understand how HTML works, you also need to know what CSS is.
 CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets and it describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on the screen.
 


3. Web Development Frameworks

a)Angular
b)React
c)Ruby on Rails
d)Express.js
e)Djando


4. Programming Languages
As we explained before, since computers don’t use languages that are anything like human languages,
 they need a different way to communicate.
 Here are some of the most popular programming languages:
a)Javascript – used by all web browsers, Meteor, and lots of other frameworks
b)Python – used by the Django framework as well as in the majority of mathematical calculations
c)PHP – used by WordPress to create those WYSIWYG editors that everyone is using now.
 It’s also used by Facebook, Wikipedia, and other major sites
d)Java – used by Android and a lot of desktop applications.
 

5.Protocols
 The instructions for how to pass information back and forth between computers and devices are commonly known as protocols.

a)HTTP
 Thanks to this protocol, each website can get to the browser.
 The protocol requests the website from Google’s server and then receives a response with the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript of the website.

b)DDP
 Uses websockets to create a consistent connection between the client and the server.
 As a result of that, you get website updates in real-time without having to refresh the browser.

c)REST
 Used mostly for API’s, this protocol has standard methods like GET, POST, and PUT that let information be exchanged between applications.

6. API
 An API (application programming interface) allows other developers to use some of the app’s functionality without sharing the code.
  The endpoints are exposed by the developers while the API can control access with an API key.
 Examples of well-made APIs are those created by Facebook, Twitter, and Google for their web services.

7. Data formats
 Data is stored in the structure called a data format.

 a) JSON – JavaScript Object Notation is a syntax for storing and exchanging data (just like XML).
 It is currently becoming the most popular data format out there. 

 b)XML – Predominantly used by Microsoft systems, it used to be the most popular data format 

 c)CSV – is data formatted by commas; for example Excel data 

8. Client (or Client-side)
 Each user of an application is called a client.
 Clients can be computers, mobile devices, tablets etc.
 Usually, multiple clients are interacting with the same app stored on a server.

9. Server (or Server-side)
 The application code is usually stored on the server.
 The clients make requests to the servers. 
 The servers then respond to those requests after gathering the requested information.
